hey Internet it's Sarah it's Wednesday
the shorty awards from monday i just got
back from New York late last night and
it's like three o'clock and i'm just now
getting out of my apartment i have lots
to do today but i want to share with you
guys how the shorty awards might because
it was so much fun so i'm going to tell
you about it as I go about my day I have
to go to the post office I have to go to
target and I'm going to go to when I
favorite coffee shops to get some work
done so I degree of the post office
because I have to get a p.o box because
i just realized i just did my first
mountain monday but my business address
that i've been using for you guys to
send me letters and stuff won't actually
be a thing in a month so if you've
already sent me stuff so that address no
worries no worries at all but when are
going to p.o box
right guys I gotta peel bucks yeah all
right time to talk about the shorty
awards the shorty awards were amazing
are so much fun I showed up a little bit
before the ceremony started then I hung
out the viewing party talked to so many
awesome people and met so many awesome
people
my name is JD a snapchat entertainer you
can follow me on snapchat
new year
Casey one bus youtuber yeah that's right
I just start by thanking my throat in
this forest hana kimi body
fairness you're right that I was
initially did
social media social media is any
immigrants
so I'm having me a part of it thank you
congratulations to me to Thurman is Roy
was apart
I wasn't able to find him or say hi
things things are a little crazy
Casey and I will have a collaboration it
will happen it just yeah we have to find
the right time because he's like the
busiest dude ever on this planet but
yeah like I obviously want to meet him
and it'll happen guys it'll happen so
now you don't have to ask me that in the
comments sections below of all my videos
but for all the Milo that you guys want
this so bad and I think I think we'll
make a rad video together as well but
eventually gotta have gotta have some
patience the night went on Sophie's were
taken lots of dancing at the after party
it was pretty dark so it was hard to
capture footage I got it I got a selfie
with Flula that was pretty exciting
last few days have been crazy so being
able to just run some errands and get
some work done felt good now this going
to answer some of y'all's snapchat
questions about the shorty awards hey
Sarah so I know this is your first time
going to the shorty awards but was this
your first time being around that many
youtubers in person if so how was that
hey Erin thanks a question Erin is
actually an awesome youtuber who I will
be shooting VidCon the film with at this
summer it's basically a documentary
about VidCon which I'm super-excited
about bus is a question yes it was kind
of odd because I've never been to any
like YouTube conventions or anything
like that so it was kind of weird kind
of just like rubbing shoulders with big
youtuber people but it was awesome I was
probably the most starstruck by Jeff
palm the dog I mean he was probably the
most internet famous person there except
he's not a person he's a dog so how did
you decide what to wear Sarah so picking
out what to wear I hate shopping so that
was very difficult for me and because
winter just happened I am like a ghost I
like glow in the dark so my clothing
options were limited my dream is to have
like a machine every day that i can
press a button and it will like pick out
a cute outfit for me what surprised you
the most during show do you want what's
the press me the most was the guy from
LMAFO was there the dudes poofy hair oh
that's pretty crazy he was just like
walking around will be the future of
social media personally I think snapchat
well but what about you the future of a
social media I definitely think snapchat
is here to stay a lot of people give
Twitter a hard time but Twitter is
personally at one of my favorite social
medias so I think they are definitely
moving around for a while and then
Facebook everyone hates facebook but
everyone is always on facebook and I
think they have a lot of cool stuff
rolling out in the next few years so I
definitely think Facebook
here to stay even though everyone really
doesn't like it thank you guys so
interesting in questions via snapchat
the shorty awards was so much fun I had
such a blast it was an honor to be
invited and I met so many cool internet
people thanks for tuning then be sure to
that like and subscribe button and I'll
see you guys in the next video bye
you